well, i only really saw one that didn't really seem to have much to offer on rosie mann. i didn't really see anything too impressive about her.
the others were, i s--saw some impressive things about.
with her, umm.
okay.
i also like how she had, umm, stress management 'cause i cannot imagine how dealing with the press would be a pretty stressful job. and she also had lots of, umm, computer skills, it looks like. she knows how to make a web page. she knows html.
i believe she has the strongest of all the gpas yet
well, it is a marketing campaign.
which would involve making a...
...leaflets and stuff and that would, umm, require some artistic skills. that to me was one of the biggest things that he had.
well...
but...
to me, the biggest weakness in mark is he--he was a psychology major, which is a nontechical degree. so, umm, he has people skills, but that psych--umm, he could very well have no computer skills at all besides, umm, ???...
but, of course, he didn't list a gpa, which would imply it probably wasn't very high.
december 2009, you know, that was only two months ago, so.
yes.
but, of course, anyone can just say anything there. i mean, a lot of people just say whatever sounds good on those things. i mean, he doesn't really say what that means. he could just be a good writer and know what people wanna hear.
that's important to this job.
yeah.
 it's really good.
and sally only has html which prob--if she only lists that, that means she probably is not that sophis--sophisticated and, umm, that really isn't that hard to pick up html.
yeah.
 that's not even grammat--go to lead and train and management. a...
that's does--it's not even grammatical, i don't think. train and manage staff, right?
but a...
but to me, they--i really like hi--i really liked his major. he's public relations...
...marketing minor and communication. that to me was probably one of the strongest majors...
...for the job. i don't know how much involves business administration, how much communications, but i thought that was very strong.
all right.
but, for example, i mean he raised four hundred dollars, which really isn't that much. so you don't really know how good he was at that. just that he attempted it.
???
but i didn't even really notice it until she brought it up. i would if...
i didn't like how her internship only lasted a few months, so it wasn't that much experience.
 i mean, it was good what she did, how she presented product, that was really good experience,
 but it would have been nice if it was a little bit longer.
team leadership training courses on the bottom.
completed that, dorm resident assistant, that requires people skills.
and most likely treasurer, i don't know exactly what's involved in that job, but i'd assume there'd be some.
to me, the only thing that she has is that presented product at trade shows. that was a huge thing,
 but that was the only thing i saw that was impressive.
and public relations and marketing.
yeah. 
and he also lists his gpa, which is a big thing for me.
it means he probably could have even done better if he didn't have--if he wasn't working all the time.
and i--i personally--i personally like wait staff because, umm, that mean--and--and hosts, because this means he's working with people. he's interacting with and people, talking to them.
and he also has photoshop too.
but, of course, it depends how good he is in photoshop, so.
yeah. the two hardest things to pick up, i would say, would probably be photoshop and maybe power point and, umm, he's got 'em
 and mark doesn't really.
word and excel are really easy.
i guess it depends how good you are.
oh, yeah, for sure...
a...
and, of course, umm, since jacob earned fifty percent of his education, means he was working and going to college. which means he probably could have done a lot better in college (???)...)
oh, yeah.
yeah. i.
probably something he did occasionally when the manager was sick or something like that. they would just assign him the job temporarily.
sometell--somehow i got, i don't know if this really applies or not. but i got a feeling that jacob's a guy who likes to party a lot, go out and drink and stuff, well, not so much with mark. some, just--yeah.
well, to me this, umm, this is kind of deciding factor. i know maybe a little superficial, 'cause you really can't tell this from a resume. but when i read these two, a, mark see--mark seems like a friendly face to for--per--a--portray the company with.
umm, jacob seems like a go-getter, which may either be a good thing or a bad thing depend---depending how you wanna port--portray the company.
and he probably should have said like something like my goal is to lead or something. just go to lead and train management staff, i don't--just doesn't sound grammatical.
i also like that mark's, umm, it was--it was simpler to read. umm.
yeah.
i--i think mark's a better writer this--but he might be a little, umm, slightly too introverted. although, it's impossible to tell from this. or he might be the nice guy you wanna portray your company as. it depends, like, what--ho--what you wanna portray your company as. 
if you want the, umm, if you want the go-getter, we're gonna (???), make as much money as possible, whatever, jacob would be the guy. 
and mark would be the guy if you just wanna--wanna portray your company as someone very nice.
just intuitively he was the one that i marked as number one resume.
i vote for mark.
and he's got the artistic skills too.
that's--that's--that to me is a lot harder to pick up than something like html. but i'm also a computer science major, so. i could be--i could be biased.
from what i hear, if this was a real meeting, it probably woulda been over in like ten minutes.
so, if one word they don't like they just throw it away.
yeah. she was my number two, between her and mark. okay.