Ah, hello
That took a little while to get in....
Hey michael
What have I missed?
I like that she mentions "the child's needs and well-being"
Are we going through the resumes in order?
"reputed"? I think he means "reputable"
I don't see much qualification for the position on his resume...
By the way - do we have a job title for the open position???
The posting asks for experience but doesn't specify in what exactly
OK afterschool counselor sounds good
So tutoring doesn't really cover what the counselor would be doing
I like that he mentions "Volunteerism and Leadership"
yes, he lacks experience
Emily wins!!!!!! :)
it's funny, but her listing the "objective" makes me feel she is more interested in the position - and I have never liked listing an objective on my own resume!
taht's a good point - maybe she's beena full-time student?
yep, i'm a spelling Nazi
not counting chat, of course....
I would nominate Emily 
and Carla as finalists
Carla is CPR/First Aid Certified, which could be very valuable
Yes,
 george
The tribe has spogeorge
"reputed company" still bothers me - that's bad English
I would vote against him, since we have two others we like
She volunteered the the Red Cross
*for
CPR/first aid is more important
<crickets>
Debbie Downer
Haven't we reached a decision?
I thought we already had a unanimous vote???
Carla is working for the family in Albany
OK let's have htem both in for interviews
*them!
Hello!
An email just came in from meg that she won't be here on time
that leaves mara and Yuan possibly coming later also
Hi nick
yeah, in another job that requires People Skills!
thats true george- a benefit
hehe
i think the job descrip is lacking tonight
itdoesnt ally say what you'd be doing-  counselor, etc.  Just says working with 7-14
shall we assume it means working directly with that age group opposed to working just a desk type?
communication skills, be outgoing and a self-starter and able to multi-task       well, how bout we based the resumes on these qualities they are looking for....
and work with kids of course
but there are camps run out of Ys also and child care
hello?   everyones names just disappeared...
and back
who we looking at? resume?
sure
gotcha-  so that is not he most important to get this job....
sorry about my typos-  not used to this laptop yet
wanna go thru carlas resume first ?
'06 high school grad
yeah  only less than a year as part-time nanny
thats what i'm here for!  :)
hi there nick
well that is a considerate thought for the horses
her only other exp is less than a year also in high school
wait a sec-  now i see that her college info says MA '08
yes michael- she described what she did a little
yeah nick-  it says a little about her exp with the child- rather than just saying nanny
yeah its not completely related especially bc she only worked with one child and not a  group which the Y might require-  Might being the key word
k  who is next
Hi meg
oh good!  poor kitty
his best part is that he tutored in grades 3-5 but doesnt say for how long...and he is in a Psych program in college
haha  minus points so far!
i like him better than carla already
7-14 is what they are looking for so thats not so bad
flexibility part is good too michael
looks like hes a freshman
nope-  big problem nick
yeah that makes it difficult to hire the right person without knowing what we're hiring for-   but we figure someone who can work with kids overall
sure george
hi mara!
no child exp-  was part of college orientation
worst resume yet
he has some leadership skills though and yes, communication
i dont know that they do homework in this position though-
ok-  we have an impressioon of him so lets move on...we will go back after we hit all of them   ??
hehe
why dont these people state how long  they've done a job???
i like how she has some volunteer experience-  although nothing child related necessarily
they are made up resumes
george  hahaha
she is better than some others
nothing relevant to the job-  he doesnt earn any pts with me
untlize   Lol
he def just needs a job...not looking for the experience
the job descrip does say "exp preferred"
so exp or a relevant degree should be ok
emily or
 richard are on my list
maybe we should weight the pros of each-  like a point system
then we can get an answer
yes
  george
lets list richards good points to get it all straightened out...
psych degree in progress...
communication skills- answered calls from public
maybe interests means he wasnt paid?
yeah the spelling is not the best thing fora resume...but our choices are not so good as it is  nick
i like the psych degree
i think we covered him  pretty well.... lets move onto emily
awesome meg@
!
she has child care listed which is good (but doesnt say for how long)
relief work at ARC seems pretty good
3 pts?
yeah  richard is better than emily
repute
so Carla....the moment of truth....
but in high sschool?
i would def interview carla and richard to find out how much exp with kids they have
5 pts for carla?
i'm good with  that
i'm speaking but you cant hear me
yay for carla
any kind of child care service is high turnover....
at least you have someone there for a  timebeing who enjoys it and can offer somethign to the kids
she might change her mind and like the younger kids and not go for a teens job!
:)
nooooo
lol
theres a website for coinflipping!
hahaha
  i think either one would be ok
i think carla is fine bc she might like working with younger kids better after the exp at the Y
i'm for Carla
george  Ssshhhhh
oh no!  meg!
everyone, state your verdict!
but if they are all here for college...they might be libing here including summers
living
nope-  carla is my choice
link   LOL!
by the way   men and women are equal with caring for children   depends on the person
hehehe
i lost track
me too mara-  hehe
to be honest.....
companies never choose only one candidate anyway, so i think we are fine with choosing both richard 
and carla
hunted?  hunter?
what are we talking about here
let me make one more point if i can....
where in richards resume do you see him working WITH people?
carla -->  child care, facilitated meetings, worked with other officers, liiason
but phone calls are not with people face to face
he tutored but that seems the only face to face interaction other than being in an office handling calls
true
not really george  :P
Carla!!
but carla had child care exp
lol
3!!
Carla=  jen, michael, mara
meg is a troublemaker in online world!   hehehe
good answer meg
calling george and nick   you are needed in HR
YAY!  Thanks george
hehe
And nick?
i think we have our winner since its close tp closing time
sorry meg- i appreicate your perserverance!
Boy this was exhausting
i think we are done for the night
i think we're set for the night
Night everyone!
i'm back Thurs
LOL
good evening
we get to hire someone else tonight!
haha
7 to 14 year olds need plenty of computer counseling
who knows...perhaps they need help with their spread sheets near income tax time!
perhaps by multi-task they mean do multiple tasks?  :o
like a multi-purpose job; whatever needs to get done?
yea, it is a strange description
so we prefer experience filling an unspecific ambiguous role!
yeah, same here
i think when someone enters or exits, all the names disappear momentarily
that last one might have been nick leaving
ok
sure
i wonder how old carla is
she's got a perfect driving record and rides horses!  coincidence?
i think she rides a horse and not a car!
ah good eye, amy
hello
i think carla might have got her zip code wrong
i don't know much about child development, but care for 6 year olds may only partially overlap with our 7-14 age group
going in order sounds good to me
hi meg
richard anderson
ohh richard says our company is reputed...one point for him!
is he an indoor cat?
oh, good catch...let's take that point away!
grades 3-5 is typically 9-11 year olds i think
strangely enough carla's unclear background fits our unclear ad :P
high school was 3.8 tho
nick asks a good question
would anybody like to move on?  i think we probably mentioned everything on richard's app
hi mara
*=*=Mark Stewart=*=*
teaching kids how to fight back against the school bully
yup, we're on mark stewart now
he might be able to help with biology homework!
haha mara, i was going to mention how i like how he puts photoshop at the end
like he was thinking "...oh yeah, can't forget photoshop"
i wonder what emily has been up to between 2003 and 2011
er...now rather than 2011 :P
robert jordan wrote wheel of time tho :(
would you prefer someone with a complete degree?
richard has actually worked with children in our age group tho
9 to 11 yr olds
nobody seems to disagree that mark
 and robert are bottom 2
k
btw...richard put his tutoring under interests
actually reputed is a real word apparently :o
Main Entry: reputed Function: adjective Date: 1549 1 : having a good repute : reputable 2 : being such according to reputation or general belief <a reputed mobster>
child care experience
3 sounds about right :P
carla vs richard showdown!
uh oh, richard down for the count!
yea, carla seems like a good choice
you were rooting for carla, mara?
uh oh...does richard re-enter the fray?
richard, bloodied and hobbling but not done!
to richard's credit, he has more experience right in the middle of our age group of 7-14
i think carla's losing support from the amy and the george!
does it matter they live in MA?
hmm...i would never!
amy is flip flopping!
wait...i can't tell who's in the lead anymore
concede is correct i believe
that one florida teacher who had a kid with a 14 yr old student...:o
lol michelle
is this a hunter or gatherer position?
you're welcome!
i think richard has my vote now
me and meg need to find out how ugly he is
what if carla is ugly too tho
how about we interview carla first to see if she's hot
that's because we men have the muscle to lug the carcass back to camp!
you're welcome!
does anybody else think carla and emily should have an oil wrestling match for the position?
yea he tutored
haha meg
i feel like being a trouble maker and saying richard but i really feel carla is better slightly
so carla
hey i voted carla, not richard!
i picked carla...did i mess up?
mara, you are confusing me now!
must be lag
ok guys was fun...good night!
hey everyone!
think ill be able to grasp whats going on?
HI AGAIN! haha
ok gotcha
ok mark...
agree with amy.. after reviewing them earlier I thought he was outta place for sure
photoshop! woohooo
but outside of that... he has no experience with the occupational environment at all
hahah its a realatively easy program to work with thats why i laugh
yes.. she has writing skills, verbal skills, leadership... seems much more professional style as well
i didnt know that UAlbany had a communications degree..?
communication, as in interpersonal... not communications as in technology
theres a difference meg
but regardless... i like her
ummmm im working on my masters in communication at UAlbany right now... im just comfused about the "s" added there its not a big deal but seems as though she confused the two
i think Emily as well
but he is in the honor society, which says something for sure
he is a fast learner i bet
ehhh... age matters you dont want someone too old then children will lose inerest with the,
seeems like a book worm..
what was your assessment of richard? scalre from 1-10 overall?
ok... what about Carla?
 I like her!
saame as
 nick
I like that Carla was a tutor for the child she watched
that says something baout her ability to work with children on a serious level
yup 
george
1) flexible schedule!
yeah but anyone can say they have good comm. skills... you need an interview to assess the truth of that
i think flexibility and tutoring are the only things he has as a one up on the others
Child care, red cross, and working on communication degree
i think Richard is better than Emily
, but Carla beats them both out
ok so carla?
hahah
 i really like how she adds her interests in the end of the resume... she is trying to be personable with us ya know?
nanny, student council pres (says she is organized and responsible), psych concentration and CPR
ahh.. 5 things!
haha
yeah amy.. i agreee an interview is needed
anyone against carla..?
speak now or forever hold your peace
ok then.. CARLA it is!
im sooo happy for her haha
ahhh...
well then we can always call richard! haha
cuz kids can be mean!
yeah i was before i gothere haha
i thought about it all the way home actually
i was really excited to come in late and see how you guys had already assessed her
so what now?
george...what are you saying? are you going against my girl?
no one is persuading me!!
meg... its ok if you sign off now! haha
CARLA... 
women are always better with kids
can be!... key words
haha.. i know amy i was just kidding around to strengthen my choice
carla already won as far as im concerned
ok well i know him... and he is soooo ugly
question: isnt this the phenomenon that they are studying?  The fact that someone can persuade you into something you dont want?
we have 7 mins.. so decide now
CARLA
organizing a charity event... im sure he had to have some communication with people
and tutoring
4 mins..
oil wrestling? whats that going to prove?
haha they are not St.Pierre after all
CARLA!
eww 2 for carla
2 -2
3-2 carla
george and nick? whats your final analyis
shhhhhh meg
lol
nick ARE YOU THERE 
you have 1 min.
or this vote remains tied
george who did you choose?
haha you dont fool me meg
george? who did you pick again?
yeah WTH!
welllllllll lets just make sure haha
george?  nick?  HELLOOOOOOO
is nick even here? i havent seen that name in a long time
hahaha
4 for CARLA!
she wins... go cry yourself to sleep meg!
maybe next time your guy will win
it doesnt matter about nick
either way its 4 to 3 or 5 to 2
she wind either way
yeah michaelhaha
so... do they really get a job or is this all fun and games? ; )
ha
no george you rock!
YOU ROCK george!
haha i cant wait for tomorrow! or is it thursday!?
i picked carla, 
meg picked richard... so i am happy she is not haha
got it george?
GOODNIGHT!
Hi all
Sorry i am so late!
Hi
My cat was missing, sorry!
We found him
How are we doing this?
He was hiding under the neighbor's stairs
:(
Ok, 
and yes
He's a big baby and can
not handle outdoors
He graduated 10th in his class though
+1?
out of 170
But he did tutor
So wait, is he -2 right now?
He doesn't list his GPA though
Which makes me think that he might be partying too much as a freshman
Probably care-taker
my room mate works for the Y as an afterschool councelor?
So probably something like that
Experience in child care probably
She works with a group of kids, managing about 80 altogether with a staff of about 10 people, they have to do gym time, spend time outdoors or do homework
I got it:)
And they have rules about no running, etc...
(In the halls)
moderator just messaged me on gmail and said its "child counselor"
The position
Hi mara
I was late too- its not hard to catch u[
*p
Exactly
We're going though the resume's and choosing the right person for the job- we did the first 2 already
(Or well, I missed the first one lol)
He has no experience
I agree
Yeah but if they're looking for someone who is experienced then I'd cross him off
Sounds good
Hahaha
I like hers so far
She has experience
But she's VERY vague
I think that she's the best
It does
My old roomie was there
True
True
Ok, I looked ahead and Robert Jordan is already off the list.
He spelled utilize wrong.
LOL\
I know... good writer
But fictional getting a job RJ not so good
Emily is 2011
Not to work with kids, if their degree is completely unrelated
English? Nahh
I think that Emily Brown is our girl
She has communication skills
Umm, he wasn't as good
I kind of do too
but she wants to work with teenagers
and its for younger kids
I dunno, I'm torn between Richard
, Carla
 and Emily
Yeah
She had more intensive care
Mark and
 Robert are the weakest links.
Goodbye!
Hahaha
Good plan
Psych degree=+1
Self starter with volunteer experience
+1
So he's at like 4
No organizing charity quiz that raised money
I think he had 4 total
Hahaha I'm counting
Communication degree
Woops
I'm redundant
lol
Ok Emily is out
CPR certified
Concentration in psych in hs
She's still learning about it?
Kind of
CPR
But richard could always get certification after he's hired
Yeah
Hahaha
I third that
Carla wins
That could work
Nope
Carla wins:)
The only problem I forsee:
Is that she wants to work with teens she might quit after a short time period
?
BAD NEWS BEARS
Hahahaha
Sorry guys
:-P
I think Carla is the right choice
h
ahahaha
I'm turning people to the dark side
Hahaha I can't tell if youi're being sarcastic or not
Not yet!
:)
We toss a coin
Yesss!
And the meg
Heads=Carla, Tails=Richard
I'm for richard...
:(
Oh nooo
Oh that actually makes sense
Then I might be willing to concede the point
*ceed?
Idk
That's not true!
Men can be good with kids too
Hahaha now we look at them!
Awww. Don't pick on the guys:-P
He's got experience with youngsters
-Richard-
Thanks george
Thanks george
So is carla still winning?
I'm still for richard
Unless he's really ugly
Hahaha
And then he'd scare the kids
:-P
Since we need pics
Hahaha
You know fictional richard?
Lol
Probably
I think its a hunter (therefore male) position
Although my profs would kill me for that
Men and women both hunted in hunter-gatherer societies
But everyone thinks of 'man-the-hunter'
s
sweet
Thanks george
:)
Ok so thats 3 for richard
then we should start over
Ok
and telephone calls
Hahahaha george- is that because you moved last week
But tutoring little kids is and that is who he'd be working with
and organizing charity quiz
thats gotta have interaction
I still vote for richard but the wrestling mtch is a good idea
RICHARD
What about nick?
george?
nick?
C'mos!
*C'mon
Lets go for RICHARD:D
Hahaha
Not a trouble maker:)
Just a devil's advocate
lol
0:-)
I thought george was for Richard
:-p
OH NOOOO
:(
Oh the horror!
The anguish!
Ohhhh the insanity!
:(
Ok
Hahahaha
I will
I think we lost him
(Fingers crossed)
I know
Ok
Wahhhh

Thanks
Lol
ok well
YES
:(
Oh well george
I am disappointed in you
:-P
J/k
I'll forgive you now
*for now
Me too
Good night guys
I'm going home
:-P
moderator
Hahaha
Hahahaha
Thanks
lol
Ok I'm really getting out of here now I have a lot of work to do
Bye!:D
Hello.
Hi
Sarah's name has been going between blue and gray on my screen...maybe she is working through some computer problems?
Oh, hope she finds the cat.
george: yeah, a lot of them snuck in that computer skills info again tonight, though.
Actually a computer expert at the Y would be nice...I tried to change my address to one outside Albany the other day but the guy at the desk said the computer system refused the zip code, heh.
Yeah, would be nice if it said they are managing an after school class or sitting in an office to counsel youth with problems or what....
Man the desk today, plan a kids program for the summer the next day, handle a program in person the next? I could see that, I guess.
A lot of the staffers at the Y seem to do both training in the weight rooms and regular job stuff from what I've seen.
Not sure who handles those more community oriented rooms with computers and meeting tables and the kitchen and whatnot in the back, though.
Still here.
Hmm, well the fundraising experience has got to be less applicable than the nanny or child care at least. Even if the exact job tasks aren't clear.
Hmm, yeah, no nick any more.
I guess we should just start, not wait for nick and Sarah?
Fundraising was Mark, Nanny was Carla, I think, if you were talking about my comment.
Sure.
Ha, yeah, when I hear nanny I think someone older.
My parents always told me not to ride the horses on the paved roads, it hurts their feet or something.
Annoying considering more and more roads are paved here, ha.
Hi nick.
We just started reviewing Carla's resume.
george was wondering how old she was, amy noticed she graduated high school in '06.
I do like how she mentioned tutoring in the nanny job description, though.
That's more in line with the "committed to making a positive difference" part of the job description in my mind then the applicant who just put something like child care services.
than* even.
Heh, 01234....I remember talking to someone who processed surveys at IBM and he had a bunch of numbers people often entered as fake data. "123 Street", etc..
Yeah, I guess our group is older.
Sounds good.
Hi meg.
meg: we just finished going through Carla's resume and are moving on to Richard.
Hmm, "flexible schedule", that's a plus. No complaints when asked to work the odd weegeorged shift.
Manning a telephone gets some communication points. Multi-tasking too, since you get them randomly.
Charity quiz might be worth some points towards "committed to making a positive difference", I guess.
Yeah, all of them seem to be in progress on degrees. I guess one had a BA.
meg: what exactly does that entail? Do they manage a group or kids? Or are they just available for kids with problems?
group of kids*, typo, sorry.
Ah, that helps, thanks. I was thinking like my high school guidance counselor, ha.
Hi mara.
mara we've been reviewing resumes in order. Carla and Richard so far.
mara:* even.
Fund raising gives some points for communication and outgoing at least.
I'd much rather experience with the age group, though, yeah.
Volunteering and child care experience, better.
That's a good point. Seeing all those expected degrees the candidates have makes me think they are going to leave once they graduate.
A communications degree might teach you to be sensitive around the various ethnic and religious issues that come up with a large group of people at least.
Hmm, is he the only one with a complete degree so far?
Discussions, lectures, grading papers, drama club...he seems to have communication related plusses.
Good point. I guess the only relevant degree I see is the Psychology one.
Yeah, even Robert is working on another one, so I can't use his complete as an argument for him not leaving once he finished a degree.
Richard is the one with the Psychology degree as well
In progress anyway.
Tutoring in the age group we're interested in.
flexible schedule.
new filing system -> self starter?
Handling calls should count as multi-tasking points too, they interrupt, you get multiple sometimes, etc..
So Carla
 and Emily are the other two options...
Hmm, Carla has some good communication points I didn't notice the first time around: facilitated meetings, liaison, acting as a rep..
Nanny experience is the bigger plus, though.
Even if it is a year outside our range.
Organized events might count for self-starter, politics for the sort of person who would be "committed to making a positive difference".
The Albany Y has a pool. Maybe they'd kick the swimmers out and have the life guard do the CPR, heh.
It is kind of funny to put "teenage" on the resume for a job that references younger kids too.
If it is a big program, meg mentioned 80 in her example, there might be room for her to work with just the older kids.
I did notice there was one Albany contact address in there...Emily.
She might be more familar with the school systems or something, I guess.
I'll vote Carla, it would be nice to call her and Richard up at least, though.
tutoring...
telephones
I'm still for Carla.
Richard: george, meg, michelle. 
Carla: mara, michael, amy. 3-3?
I was going by george's "george (9:46:25 PM) i think richard has my vote now" comment.
Sounds good.
michelle: we could argue that next session, ha.
Good night.
complete degree might not be very important here
his schedule is flexible
I agree 
with nick
Richard is good too.
yeah,
 george
psych degree could be a plus
how many points the others got?
So Emily...
between psych degree
 and CPR/First aid certified, which one is more important here?
thanks, meg
fourth
I am reconsidering Carla because of the teenage counselor thing.
Hehe
Richard!
I think we need to have a photo of each applicant :-)
Richard..
If we have budget, we can also interview Emily
me too
then Emily
handling calls
we need reference from the applicants too
richard
nick?
who will interview Carla?
good night