hey everyone!
think ill be able to grasp whats going on?
HI AGAIN! haha
ok gotcha
ok mark...
agree with amy.. after reviewing them earlier I thought he was outta place for sure
photoshop! woohooo
but outside of that... he has no experience with the occupational environment at all
hahah its a realatively easy program to work with thats why i laugh
yes.. she has writing skills, verbal skills, leadership... seems much more professional style as well
i didnt know that UAlbany had a communications degree..?
communication, as in interpersonal... not communications as in technology
theres a difference meg
but regardless... i like her
ummmm im working on my masters in communication at UAlbany right now... im just comfused about the "s" added there its not a big deal but seems as though she confused the two
i think Emily as well
but he is in the honor society, which says something for sure
he is a fast learner i bet
ehhh... age matters you dont want someone too old then children will lose inerest with the,
seeems like a book worm..
what was your assessment of richard? scalre from 1-10 overall?
ok... what about Carla?
 I like her!
saame as
 nick
I like that Carla was a tutor for the child she watched
that says something baout her ability to work with children on a serious level
yup 
george
1) flexible schedule!
yeah but anyone can say they have good comm. skills... you need an interview to assess the truth of that
i think flexibility and tutoring are the only things he has as a one up on the others
Child care, red cross, and working on communication degree
i think Richard is better than Emily
, but Carla beats them both out
ok so carla?
hahah
 i really like how she adds her interests in the end of the resume... she is trying to be personable with us ya know?
nanny, student council pres (says she is organized and responsible), psych concentration and CPR
ahh.. 5 things!
haha
yeah amy.. i agreee an interview is needed
anyone against carla..?
speak now or forever hold your peace
ok then.. CARLA it is!
im sooo happy for her haha
ahhh...
well then we can always call richard! haha
cuz kids can be mean!
yeah i was before i gothere haha
i thought about it all the way home actually
i was really excited to come in late and see how you guys had already assessed her
so what now?
george...what are you saying? are you going against my girl?
no one is persuading me!!
meg... its ok if you sign off now! haha
CARLA... 
women are always better with kids
can be!... key words
haha.. i know amy i was just kidding around to strengthen my choice
carla already won as far as im concerned
ok well i know him... and he is soooo ugly
question: isnt this the phenomenon that they are studying?  The fact that someone can persuade you into something you dont want?
we have 7 mins.. so decide now
CARLA
organizing a charity event... im sure he had to have some communication with people
and tutoring
4 mins..
oil wrestling? whats that going to prove?
haha they are not St.Pierre after all
CARLA!
eww 2 for carla
2 -2
3-2 carla
george and nick? whats your final analyis
shhhhhh meg
lol
nick ARE YOU THERE 
you have 1 min.
or this vote remains tied
george who did you choose?
haha you dont fool me meg
george? who did you pick again?
yeah WTH!
welllllllll lets just make sure haha
george?  nick?  HELLOOOOOOO
is nick even here? i havent seen that name in a long time
hahaha
4 for CARLA!
she wins... go cry yourself to sleep meg!
maybe next time your guy will win
it doesnt matter about nick
either way its 4 to 3 or 5 to 2
she wind either way
yeah michaelhaha
so... do they really get a job or is this all fun and games? ; )
ha
no george you rock!
YOU ROCK george!
haha i cant wait for tomorrow! or is it thursday!?
i picked carla, 
meg picked richard... so i am happy she is not haha
got it george?
GOODNIGHT!